hello everyone on this video I want to
share with you the different options
that you have with the meaning while the
mini versions of the three different
models on Benchmade I'm talking about
the mini barrage the mini glue trillion
and the mini date jakku and I want to
show you the three of them right now
well first of all I want to show you the
winter and it's very nice it's freezing
right now it stops no and right now is
beautiful beautiful beautiful you see
sky everything is nice okay
well going back this is the first option
option is the mini varieties 2009 winner
and it's amazing it's an amazing blade
you will love it it's as this opening
154cm and it's an excellent excellent
EDC blade but as you can see the blade
shape of the brother a 580 is different
shape but I mean is also very nice blade
but is huge the barrage is a huge plate
okay there you go and then what we have
the grip Tilian if you don't want to
spend a lot of money you can buy the
negative Chilean hey Ricky how are you
the group Chilean is also 154cm and it's
a more affordable option and you have
the axis lock and it's an amazing play -
and as you can see if you want to
compare with the sizes the brother the
551 as you can see it's a little bit
longer but for example if we're talking
about the other mini is the mini DejaVu
for me is not a mineral it's a huge
blade well it's not a huge with three
point four if I don't if I'm yeah three
point four and as you can see compared
with the group Juliana it's longer
and there you go you have here the
actual brother the devil you have three
different options you want to pick the
DejaVu you have an excellent late the
locking mechanism understand issues but
if you don't care if you want to spin a
little bit more you have s30v t-ten
handles and it's amazing or if you
really like the reptilian but you want
to spend a little bit more gold a branch
and I mean there's a lot of options
right now from range me then or if you
want to buy the 2010 models with a
little bit more thank you very much for
watching and have an excellent day
bye-bye